CV
================

SCHOOLING

Undergraduate studies: Marine Biology at the Universidad Autonoma de
Baja California Sur, 2010-2014.

Masters in science degree in Marine ecosystems management in Centro
Interdisciplinario de Ciencias Marinas. (CICIMAR-IPN). Graduated with
honors.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Field tech in the project “foraging ecology and population dynamic of
Guadalupe fur seals from Guadalupe Island Naturalist guide in Mexico

Professor assistant of compared anatomy and amniote at State University
of Baja California Sur . From August 2014 to July 2015

OTHER ACTIVITIES

Volunteer at La Paz, Mexico Stranding Network since 2014 Volunteer at
Whales’s museum Rehab and Rescue Center since January 2019

CONFERENCE PARTICIPATION Amador-Capitanachi, M. J.,
Elorriaga-Verplancken, F. R., Moreno-Sánchez, X., Ferreto, G. Trophic
segregation of the two existing Guadalupe fur seal (Arctocephalus
townsendi) colonies (Baja California, Mexico). (Poster presentation).
21st Biennal Conference of Biology of Marine Mammals 13-17 December
2015. San Francisco, California, EUA.

Amador-Capitanachi, M. J., Elorriaga-Verplancken, F. R., Juárez, A.,
Moreno, X., Ferretto, G. Trophic segregation of the two Guadalupe fur
seal (Arctocephalus p. townsendi) colonies in Baja California, Mexico.
XXXV Marine Mastozoology Mexican Society International Reunion for the
study of Marine Mammals. La Paz, BCS, México. 1-5 May 2016. 3rd place in
best oral undergraduate presentation. Amador-Capitanachi, M. J., Norris,
T., Elorriaga-Verplancken, F. R. Isotopic niche variation (2013-2016) in
the Guadalupe fur seal from Guadalupe Island, Mexico, during
unprecedented warming events (El Niño and The Blob). (Speed talk
presentation). 22nd Biennal Conference of Biology of Marine Mammals.
23-27 October 2017. Halifax, Nueva Escocia, Canada.

Amador-Capitanachi, M.J., Norris, T., González, E.,
Elorriaga-Verplancken, F. R. Guadalupe fur seal Feeding grounds and its
relationship with stable isotopes and mesoscale processes. (Presentación
oral). XXXVI Marine Mastozoology Mexican Society International Reunion
for the study of Marine Mammals. Villahermosa, Tabasco, México. 27-31
May 2018.1st place in best oral master presentation
